Some fixes (#224)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/Unit 1 - Fundamentals/feature-extraction/feature_description.mdx

﻿# Feature Description

> Features are attributes of the instances learnt by the model to later use to recognize new instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features are attributes of the instances learnt by the model to be later used to recognize new instances.
```
